rokt action destination doc (#5303)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/action-rokt-audiences/index.md

---
title: Rokt Audiences Destination
hide-personas-partial: true
hide-boilerplate: true

> hide-dossier: false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hide-dossier: false
private: true
hidden: true
beta: true
```

> id: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
id: 643697130067c2f408ff28ca
```

## Benefits of Rokt Audiences

Benefits of the Rokt destination include:
- **Improved email matching**: This integration creates a direct connection between Segment and Rokt for a 100% match rate of email identifiers. 

- **Easy setup**: This destination only requires your Advertiser API key.

- **Batching events and support for large audiences**: This destination supports batching which enables Rokt to receive large audiences without discrepancies.

- **Near real time audience updates**: Actions destination helps Rokt receive real-time events and add or remove users from Rokt audiences appropriately.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites:

Before connecting to the Rokt Audiences destination, you must have an account with Rokt and receive your API key.

### To Add the Rokt Audiences Destination:

1. From your Segment workspace, go to **Connections > Catalog** and click **Destinations**.

2. Search for **Rokt Audiences** in the Destinations Catalog and select the destination.

3. Click **Configure Rokt Audiences**.

4. Select the space in Engage to use as the Source as this destination only supports sending Engage Audiences to Rokt.

> 5. On the **Settings** tab, name your destination. For example, `Rokt audiences – <audience name>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. On the **Settings** tab, enter the name of your destination. For example, `Rokt audiences – <audience name>`.
```

6. Enter your Rokt API key.

7. Click **Save Changes**.  

> 8. In the **Mappings** tab, click **New Mapping** and select **Add Users to Audience**. Don't change any defaults.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. In the **Mappings** tab, select **+ New Mapping** and select **Add Users to Audience**. Don't change any defaults.
```

9. Under the **Configure actions fields**, set **Enable Batching** to *Yes* and click **Save**.  

7. Repeat steps 8 and 9 for **Remove Users from Audience**.

8. **Enable** both mappings.

> 9. Go to the **Settings** tab and **Enable** the destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Go to the **Settings** tab and select the toggle to **Enable** the destination.
```

> 10. Select your space, and navigate to **Engage > Audiences**. Select the source audience that you want to send to your Rokt Audiences destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Select your space, and navigate to **Engage > Audiences**. Select the source audience that you want to send to your Rokt Audiences (Actions) destination.
```

11. Click **Add Destinations** and select the Rokt Audience destination you created. In the settings that appear on the right-hand side, toggle the **Send Track** option on and **Send Identify**. Click **Save**. 

> Your Rokt destination is now ready to receive audiences, and your Persona audiences are now accessible in your Rokt Advertiser dashboard. Be aware, it can take 12-24 hours for the first sync when the number email identifies are in the millions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your Rokt destination is now ready to receive audiences, and your Persona audiences are now accessible in your Rokt Advertiser dashboard. Keep in mind that it can take 12-24 hours for the first sync when the number of email identifies are in the millions. 
```

> warning ""

> > You can connect **ONE** Engage audience to a single instance of Rokt Audience destination. If you have multiple audiences, repeat the above process to create a new Rokt audience destination and connect the audience to new destination each time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You can only connect **one** Engage audience to a single instance of the Rokt Audience (Actions) destination. If you have multiple audiences, repeat the above process to create a new Rokt Audience (Actions) destination and connect the audience to a new destination each time.
```
